I did mention before that for setting up a single project we need to do more than just import a single
script from a Cdn or a local file into our aged him the fall because angler uses typescript and because
some features of a singular and how it compiles your code your templates so how it works behind the
scenes I could say because of these reasons we need a more complex workflow which does a lot of analyzing
and compiling for us.
So that in the end we get some javascript code which will run fine on the browser but which we can't
write like this.
Or we could write it like this but we wouldn't have any fun this workflow we need to set up to create
a single project involves a couple of steps and it can be very cumbersome and error prone to set it
up on your own.
Therefore a great tool which is offered by the angler team is the angular Seelye.
It makes it very easy to create and manage angler projects and get a working elaborate and production
ready work flow out of the box.
I'm on seal I don't angle or not I know.
And here we actually see the steps we need to run to install the Seelye.
Now one prerequisite.
We all had this in view chase and the reaction has Marchal is that you have node J.S. installed.
So make sure you install the latest version of node j us so that you also have NPM notes package manager
which is used to install the angler's seal package.
Let's do that now.
I'm in the terminal and as we saw on the web page about the Seelye we can simply install the Sealab
are running NPM install Dasch g to install it globally on our machine so that we can use it from anywhere
on our machine at Engler Seelye.
Now that will work like this on the windows on Mac and Linux you probably need to give this command
to write permissions by adding sudo in front of it.
Now I'm prompted to enter my password and offer a disc.
It will start installing the latest version of the Seelye.
Now that may take a couple of seconds or minutes.
I'll be back once it did finish.
DC line solution did finish for me now and now you can navigate into the folder where you want to create
your new angle project which will then be stored in a separate folder.
So I'm already in that folder and here it can simply use energy.
This command should now be available since you installed the Selye package engine you will create a
new project and I will simply name it.
Angular frame work intro.
Now if I hit enter this will.
As I said courageous new folder and install all the dependencies and set up a very basic app for S and
dismay.
To take a couple of seconds.
I'll be back once this process finished Deak set uprose is finished here and now I can simply switch
into the newly created package here.
Angular framework introduced this newly created folder and then we can run Engy serve an novel command
made available by the Selye to serve for this project so to start a little development server which
will host it and start.
It give us the address where we can then visit it.
It will also do all the compilation I was talking about so compiling typescript to javascript and some
other optimizations so that we get code which runs in a browser.
And as you will see Jusco differs from the code we write.
Now that start at the server we can find it here at localhost 4200.
So let's visit this application now here localhost four thousand two hundred and you should see appliques
which means it works.
That's the basic app the angle Selye created for us.
That's our first application now in the next lecture I want to open it in my ID web store and take a
closer look at it and see what actually got created by Selye.